; vim: ft=colortemplate cc=40 vsts=39,4
;; filetype and plugins
gitcommitSummary                       -> Title
helpHeadLine                           -> Title
helpSectionDelim                       -> Statement
helpExample                            -> Constant
helpCommand                            -> Statement
vimCommentString                       -> Comment
sqlKeyword                             -> Statement
sqlSpecial                             -> Constant
Quote                                  -> String
markdownUrl                            -> String
markdownHeadingDelimiter               -> Statement
markdownHeadingRule                    -> Statement
markdownListMarker                     -> Constant
rstSectionDelimiter                    -> Statement
rstDirective                           -> Special
asciidoctorH1Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH2Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH3Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH4Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH5Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH6Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorSetextHeaderDelimiter       -> Statement
asciidoctorTitleDelimiter              -> Statement
asciidoctorListMarker                  -> Constant
asciidoctorBlock                       -> Special
asciidoctorCode                        -> String
asciidoctorOption                      -> Special
asciidoctorMacro                       -> Special
lspDiagVirtualTextError                -> Removed
lspDiagSignErrorText                   -> Removed
lspDiagVirtualTextWarning              -> Changed
lspDiagSignWarningText                 -> Changed
lspDiagVirtualTextHint                 -> Added
lspDiagSignHintText                    -> Added
lspDiagVirtualTextInfo                 -> Question
lspDiagSignInfoText                    -> Question
